What's New in Winter '25
New and Improved Components for LWR Sites
Create navigation menus for the desktop and mobile versions of your site with the new Navigation Menu component. Use the new Site Header component (beta) to create separate site header layouts for desktop and mobile sites. The Site Logo component is now visible in the component palette for all site pages, and it contains a placeholder image that makes the logo easier to see. On the Button component, customize button size for different screen sizes, and on the grid repeater component, standardize the row height across the grid to ensure vertical alignment. Use the File Upload component (beta) in enhanced LWR sites.
Boost Organic Traffic to Enhanced LWR Sites with Improved SEO
Improve search engine optimization (SEO) on your LWR site with new URL configuration options. SEO-friendly URL snippets, or slugs, are available for custom objects, accounts, and contacts in enhanced LWR sites, and product and category pages in LWR Commerce sites. Slugs replace the record ID in URLs with relevant and human-readable information, ensuring that search engines optimally surface your site's pages.
Apply More Design and Layout Styles to Your LWR Sites
Configure colors for Secondary and Tertiary buttons, and use new color properties to customize borders and text in different button states. On the Theme panel in Experience Builder, color properties for buttons are now in the Buttons section. You can also customize a Columns component with its own color palette, and in the Text section of the Theme panel, configure styles for heading levels 5 and 6.
Expand Content Use and Reuse in Enhanced CMS Workspaces
Add Aura site channels to enhanced CMS workspaces, and create collections of News, Image, Document, and custom content types with an Aura site. Use non-enhanced CMS Managed Content Resources to get these content types from enhanced CMS workspaces. And better manage where any of your enhanced CMS content is available when you remove and delete channels. Save time and space when you share content across enhanced CMS workspaces without duplicating records. Work with content shared from a source workspace to a target workspace in the new Shared with Workspaces folder. Create content faster than ever when you clone content records from one workspace and save it to another shared enhanced CMS workspace.
Customize Site Pages with Data Providers in Experience Builder (Beta)
Add multiple data providers to a page in Experience Builder. Add Record or Apex data providers to any site page and create a data-driven experience using Salesforce components.
Find out more in the Winter '25 Release Notes.
